docs: note that Lens auto-selects Line for date fields (#6061) (#6081)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/visualize/lens.md

::::{step} Choose the visualization type

> New visualizations default to **Bar** charts. Use the dropdown indicating **Bar** and select the visualization type you want.

Author: ```suggestion
New visualizations generally default to **Bar** or **Line** charts. You can change that manually to the visualization type that you want.
```

{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.4` {applies_to}`serverless: ga` When using a data view, dragging a date or time field (such as `@timestamp`) as the first field on an empty workspace automatically selects **Line** as the chart type instead of **Bar**.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
